### Jacob Taylor

### HW9

### CPSC 4175

### 10/29/2017

1) The two types of planning are the planning that proceeds throughout the project and the one that is intensely done after specifications are created. One example is meeting with clients fairly often to discuss how the software should be made. Another is after meeting with the clients you spend a significant amount of time planning every part of the project and how you would implement each specification.

2) The figure makes it clear that a better cost estimate can be made later on in the project work flow, as you have a better understanding of all of the possible things the project might involve the further you get into the cycle. For instance, as you approach implementation you should already know a fairly close estimation of the project's cost.

3) The two types are internal cost, and external cost. Internal costs involve salaries of the teams, and overhead costs. External cost is how much the client will pay.

4) Reasons why LOC is not satisfactory include: One, total lines of code can only be counted after final product is made, such as after finishing my assignments I see how many lines of code it took to finish. Two, Not all lines of code is implemented, such as white space or comments or formatting lines. Three, different languages result in different LOC, for instance lisp may be way less than Java. Four, code implementation does not provide an estimate for the time required for the other phases, for instance in my game dev class I spent several hours documenting, testing, and logging information.

5) It seems like everyone has their own way of determining the number of function points for a project, but the book's example seems to be popular.

6) The product delivery subsection says that the PMP shall have plans for the project's delivery and shall specify the delivery approach as well as the information for the internal and external organizations used to support the delivery. Things such as operation manuals, or training manuals should also be discussed. I believe that this is important to remember, because oftentimes we think we make the software and we are done, but software engineering is about post delivery maintenance as well.

7) I will strive to document every part of my code and also reference every requirement specification that the function satisfies, that way I can check off every specification as the implementation achieves it.

8) If you cannot explain the software to someone who did not write it, how can we be sure that you understood it well enough to write it yourself. It's important that you be able to understand the code, and not just understand that it works.