### Jacob Taylor
### CPSC 4175
### 11/4/2017
### HW11

1) Step wise refinement is making something work in a series of steps, focusing on the more important steps first rather than the less important things. For instance, when building a house, you want to make sure you build the walls and roof before you focus on the furniture in the house.

2) I believe that object oriented design is different from top down step wise because it focuses on making smaller compartmentalized classes then eventually integrating those classes into bigger modules to complete a project. Classical design focused more on finishing one phase before moving to the next. OOAD also excels at reusing design and code from one project to the next where as step wise design typically is for one specific project.

3) I agree with the article that we should be taught methods of design rather than just things a language can do. I'd much rather know how to design some software based of ideas in my head rather than know how to mess with arrays and other data in a language. It was interesting to see how the queens problem is solved through the various methods designed in the solution as he uses mathematics and code to simplify the problem.  He also goes on to design the problem again but this time improving on his original design, making sure that more solutions are created and determining if all the solutions are there. I still do wish that he used a more relevant example regarding useful programming instead of solving a problem that will not help common problems.

4) An example of cost benefit analysis might be looking at a business deciding to hire more employees or automating a process in their business. The automation may cost more money upfront but be more cost effective in the future because a machine is more reliable and quicker than a human. Hiring more employees would save more money short term but over many years the salary and benefits cost of those employees would be more expensive than the automation route.

5) The problem addressed here is that in order to use object object A you must have object B which reduces the amount of re-usability that object A has. One solution is to design object A to be abstract enough so that is does not require another object to use it, or implementing object B's functionality in object A.

6) for part a you could make a document generator by utilizing the data dictionary tool to retrieve all the data used within the product, and then have the program turn that information into a spreadsheet for each variable listing its type, visibility, name, and initial value. After wards you could parse that spread sheet and write it to the desired documentation location.

7) An example make:

	hellomake: hellomake.c hellofunc.c
		gcc -o hellomake hellomake.c hellofunc.c -I.

If you put this rule into a makefile and then type make on the command line it will execute the compile command as you have written it in the makefile.
Furthermore, by putting the list of files on which the command depends on the first line after the :, make knows that the rule hellomake needs to be executed if any of those files change.


