### Jacob Taylor

### CPSC 4175

### 11/12/17

### HW12

1) an aspect has code that specifically tells where in another place in the software the aspect affects. Whereas a class is generally used just to create objects to implement the software.

2) Targeting software to a particular platform may be done in the analysis phase based on client desires or based on limitations or efficiency discovered in the requirements. In the design phase we may realize that a specific platform may not work and have to switch to another based on limitations or efficiency again.

3) The Universal Windows Platform (UWP) is the app platform for Windows 10. You can develop apps for UWP with just one API set, one app package, and one store to reach all Windows 10 devices – PC, tablet, phone, Xbox, HoloLens, Surface Hub and more. Making all the windows devices use the same API allows for developers to put their content on all the windows devices.

4) Visual Studio promotes component based design by allowing users to easily create forms and other code artifacts by clicking a component and dragging or placing it onto a window. There is a wide variety of components pre-made which allow users to avoid having to design their own menu boxes, drop downs, and other gui features. The benefits are efficiency of code reuse and easy to learn for new users. The costs are the limited freedom for more advanced users to create their own version of the components.

5) n an IaaS model, a cloud provider hosts the infrastructure components traditionally present in an on-premises data center, including servers, storage and networking hardware, as well as the virtualization or hypervisor layer. SaaS removes the need for organizations to install and run applications on their own computers or in their own data centers. Platform as a service (PaaS) is a cloud computing model in which a third-party provider delivers hardware and software tools -- usually those needed for application development -- to users over the internet. A PaaS provider hosts the hardware and software on its own infrastructure. As a result, PaaS frees users from having to install in-house hardware and software to develop or run a new application. The difference is the service they provide, the similarity is they are all cloud based models.

6) on github as menu.doc

7) One example of software security could be to make sure all my user's data is encrypted whenever they log on to my store. This promotes security by keeping their data confidential to everyone but them and a authorized administrator. I would use current encryption methods to store that data in our database in order to prevent someone from getting that data and spamming our users or harming them.

8) This article explores some issues concerning data storage techniques. The author proposes using a relation view over the graph model to reduce redundancy and increase relational consistency. The network model tends to produce confusion between connected data and related data. The relational model allows for data to be stored and referenced across multiple domains corresponding to their relations, such as a part number with its corresponding name, color, weight. This data can be in any order as long as the primary reference is known.